# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 13.2.2020
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
Overall the structure of the database seemed clear. Mika commented that "GameType" could be rather called "GameTitle" but since the GameType model involves other information in addition to the title we determined that changing that name would not be necessary. There had been some confusion related to what a resource is, but it was cleared up in the discussion. That is why we had planned so many models (well, we ended up cutting Permission). It was discussed that creating instances of e.g. games should be done via collections. Also it was discussed that token authentication could be used that is in each request. 
There was some discussion about having an abstract resource "teams" that players could be a part of - this will most probably not be implemented during the course. The use of leaderboards was discussed a bit as well, they should be used during api calls so sorting is easier. 

### Action points
No immediate action in relation to deliverable 1 was deemed necessary. 

### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

